[FSTORE-1281] Add method to stop execution + type hinting login+get_feature_store (#203)
logicalclocks/hopsworks-api: CONTRIBUTING.md

    pip install -e ".[dev]"
    ```

> - Install [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) and then activate its hooks. pre-commit is a framework for managing and maintaining multi-language pre-commit hooks. The Feature Store uses pre-commit to ensure code-style and code formatting through [ruff](https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/). Run the following commands from the `python` directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) and then activate its hooks. pre-commit is a framework for managing and maintaining multi-language pre-commit hooks. The library uses pre-commit to ensure code-style and code formatting through [ruff](https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/). Run the following commands from the `python` directory:
```

Reviewer: tiny suggestion since this is not the hsfs library

Author: Ah yes perfect thanks for catching this!
